# KEYWORD-BASED-NEWS-SCRAPING-SUMMARIZATION-USING-GPT-3.5-AND-LEVERAGING-BERT-FOR-SENTIMENTAL-ANALYSIS
( Scraping news articles from Google based on a keyword, processing them with Azure OpenAI Service's GPT-3.5-turbo model for concise summaries, and then formatting and emailing the summaries and sentimental analysis) Tech Stack:Python libraries like GoogleNews and Newspaper3k for scraping, NLTK, GPT-3.5-turbo model and MAIL.
This demo repository illustrates how to use Python to scrape news articles from Google based on a given keyword. The scraped articles are then processed by Azure OpenAI Service (AOAI)'s GPT-3.5 model, which generates concise summaries of the main points and BERT is used to make sentimental analysis for extracted summaries. The summaries with sentimental analysis are then formatted and sent via email.
This demo uses two Python libraries to scrape the latest news articles from Google and get their full text content. The first library is GoogleNews, which allows us to search for news articles based on a keyword and get their titles and URLs. The second library is Newspaper3k, which enables us to download the HTML pages of the articles and parse them to get their text content. For this demonstration, I decided to scrape the news about GPT, a family of powerful natural language models developed by OpenAI. This topic is very popular and hard to keep up with as normal humans, because there are so many new developments and applications of GPT every day.
This demo also shows how to use the Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK) library to perform chunking, a technique that divides long articles into smaller segments based on linguistic cues. 

